why does everyone just stop trying it's
like as soon as you can do this you've
reached shoulder Mobility but that's
just the beginning and there's no real
strength there the missing link for most
people is just some weight and in this
case it's my body weight that I'm adding
to it what's really cool about adding
weight is you get really strong in these
freaky ranges of motion my point is the
limits of strength training and
bodybuilding have already been explored
because those are mainstream practices
but flexibility hasn't been explored
quite so deeply in mainstream media and
that's why it excites me by the way I'm
a terrible marketer but I have a huge
sale at the end of the month but it's
only through email so if you want to
know the details sign up in my bio you
can unsubscribe whenever you want stay
flexy